---
page_title: "thousandeyes_account_group Resource - terraform-provider-thousandeyes"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
---

# thousandeyes_account_group (Resource)

Account groups are used to divide an organization into different sections. These operations can be used to create, retrieve, update and delete account groups. For more information, see [Account Groups](https://developer.cisco.com/docs/thousandeyes/list-account-groups/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "thousandeyes_agent" "arg_amsterdam" {
  agent_name = "Amsterdam, Netherlands"
}

data "thousandeyes_agent" "arg_frankfurt" {
  agent_name = "Frankfurt, Germany"
}

resource "thousandeyes_account_group" "example_account_group" {
  account_group_name = "Example Account Group"
  agents             = [data.thousandeyes_agent.arg_amsterdam.agent_id, data.thousandeyes_agent.arg_frankfurt.agent_id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_group_name` (String) The name of the account group.

### Optional

- `agents` (Set of String) To grant access to enterprise agents, specify the agent list. Note that this is not an additive list - the full list must be specified if changing access to agents.

### Read-Only

- `account_token` (String) The account group token is an alphanumeric string used to bind an Enterprise Agent to a specific account group. This token is not a password that must be kept secret.
- `aid` (String) The unique ID of the account group.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_current_account_group` (Boolean) Indicates whether the requested aid is the context of the current account.
- `is_default_account_group` (Boolean) Indicates whether the aid is the default one for the requesting user.
- `link` (String) Its value is either a URI [RFC3986] or a URI template [RFC6570].
- `org_id` (String) The ID for the organization associated with the account group.
- `organization_name` (String) The name of the organization associated with the account group.
- `users` (Set of String)


