---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "thousandeyes_agent_to_server Resource - terraform-provider-thousandeyes"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# thousandeyes_agent_to_server (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and configure an agent-to-server test. This test type measures network performance as seen from ThousandEyes agent(s) towards a remote server. For more information about agent-to-server tests, see [Agent-to-Server Tests]([https://docs.thousandeyes.com/product-documentation/internet-and-wan-monitoring/tests#agent-to-agent-test](https://docs.thousandeyes.com/product-documentation/internet-and-wan-monitoring/tests#agent-to-server-test).

## Example Usage

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `agents` (Block Set, Min: 1) The list of ThousandEyes Agents to use. See [Nested Schema](#nestedblock--agents).
- `interval` (Number) The interval to run the test on, in seconds.
- `server` (String) The target host for the test.
- `test_name` (String) The name of the agent-to-server test.

### Optional

- `alert_rules` (Block Set) Get ruleId from /alert-rules endpoint. If alertsEnabled is set to 'true' and alertRules is not included in a creation/update query, applicable defaults will be used (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_rules))
- `alerts_enabled` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to enable alerts, or 'false' to disable alerts. Defaults to 'true'
- `bandwidth_measurements` (Boolean) Measure bandwidth. Only applies to Enterprise Agents assigned to the test, and requires that networkMeasurements is set. Defaults to 'false'
- `bgp_measurements` (Boolean) Enable BGP measurements
- `bgp_monitors` (Block List) Array of BGP Monitor objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bgp_monitors))
- `description` (String) defaults to empty string
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the test.
- `groups` (Block List) array of label objects (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--groups))
- `mtu_measurements` (Boolean) Measure MTU sizes on network from agents to the target
- `network_measurements` (Boolean) Enable network measurements.
- `num_path_traces` (Number) number of path traces.
- `path_trace_mode` (String) choose inSession to perform the path trace within a TCP session; defaults to classic
- `port` (Number) target port
- `probe_mode` (String) probe mode used by End-to-end Network Test; only valid if protocol is set to TCP; defaults to AUTO
- `protocol` (String) protocol used by dependent Network tests (End-to-end, Path Trace, PMTUD); defaults to TCP
- `shared_with_accounts` (Block List) Array of DNS Server objects {“serverName”: “fqdn of server”} (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--shared_with_accounts))
- `use_public_bgp` (Boolean) Automatically add all available Public BGP Monitors.

### Read-Only

- `api_links` (List of Object) Self links to endpoint to pull test metadata, and data links to endpoint for test data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--api_links))
- `created_by` (String) created by user
- `created_date` (String) date of creation
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `live_share` (Boolean) Set to 'true' for a test shared with your account group, or to 'false' for a normal test
- `modified_by` (String) Last modified by user
- `modified_date` (String) Last modified by date; shown in UTC
- `saved_event` (Boolean) Set to 'true' for a saved event, or to 'false' for a normal test.
- `test_id` (Number) Unique ID of test
- `type` (String) Type of test

<a id="nestedblock--agents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `agents`

Optional:

- `agent_id` (Number)
- `agent_name` (String)
- `agent_state` (String)
- `cluster_members` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--agents--cluster_members))
- `country_id` (String)
- `created_date` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `error_details` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--agents--error_details))
- `groups` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--agents--groups))
- `hostname` (String)
- `ip_addresses` (List of String)
- `ipv6_policy` (String)
- `keep_browser_cache` (Boolean)
- `last_seen` (String)
- `location` (String)
- `network` (String)
- `prefix` (String)
- `target_for_tests` (String)
- `utilization` (Number)
- `verify_ssl_certificate` (Boolean)

Read-Only:

- `agent_type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--agents--cluster_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `agents.cluster_members`

Optional:

- `agent_state` (String)
- `ip_addresses` (List of String)
- `last_seen` (String)
- `member_id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `network` (String)
- `prefix` (String)
- `public_ip_addresses` (List of String)
- `target_for_tests` (String)
- `utilization` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--agents--error_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `agents.error_details`

Optional:

- `code` (String)
- `description` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--agents--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `agents.groups`

Optional:

- `builtin` (Number)
- `group_id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `type` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--alert_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_rules`

Optional:

- `rule_id` (Number) Rule ID


<a id="nestedblock--bgp_monitors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_monitors`

Required:

- `monitor_id` (Number) Monitor ID

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String)
- `monitor_name` (String)
- `monitor_type` (String)
- `network` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Required:

- `group_id` (Number) Unique ID of the label

Optional:

- `agents` (Block List) agents to use (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--groups--agents))
- `name` (String) Name of the label
- `tests` (Block List) List of tests (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--groups--tests))
- `type` (String) Type of label (tests, agents, endpoint_tests, or endpoint_agents

Read-Only:

- `builtin` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to use built-in labels, or to 'false' to use user-created labels. Note that built-in labels are read-only

<a id="nestedblock--groups--agents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups.agents`

Optional:

- `agent_id` (Number) agent id


<a id="nestedblock--groups--tests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups.tests`

Optional:

- `test_id` (Number) test id



<a id="nestedblock--shared_with_accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shared_with_accounts`

Required:

- `aid` (Number) Account group ID

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of account


<a id="nestedatt--api_links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `api_links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String)
- `rel` (String)


