---
page_title: "thousandeyes_dns_trace Resource - terraform-provider-thousandeyes"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
---

# thousandeyes_dns_trace (Resource)

This resource provides users with the ability to create a DNS trace test. This test type verifies the delegation of DNS records and ensures the DNS hierarchy is as expected. For more information, see [DNS Trace Tests](https://docs.thousandeyes.com/product-documentation/internet-and-wan-monitoring/tests#dns-trace-test).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "thousandeyes_dns_trace" "example_dns_trace_test" {
  test_name      = "Example DNS Trace test set from Terraform provider"
  interval       = 120
  alerts_enabled = false
  domain         = "www.thousandeyes.com ANY"
  agents         = ["3"] # Singapore
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `agents` (Set of String) The list of ThousandEyes agent IDs to use.
- `domain` (String) See notes	target record for test, suffixed by record type (ie, www.thousandeyes.com CNAME). If no record type is specified, the test will default to an ANY record.
- `interval` (Number) The interval to run the test on, in seconds.

### Optional

- `alert_rules` (Set of String) List of alert rules IDs to apply to the test (get `ruleId` from `/alerts/rules` endpoint. If `alertsEnabled` is set to `true` and `alertRules` is not included on test creation or update, applicable user default alert rules will be used)
- `alerts_enabled` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to enable alerts, or 'false' to disable alerts. The default value is 'true'.
- `description` (String) A description of the alert rule. Defaults to an empty string.
- `dns_query_class` (String) Domain class used by this test. 'in' stands for Internet, while 'ch' stands for Chaos.
- `dns_transport_protocol` (String) [udp or tcp] The DNS transport protocol used for DNS requests. Defaults to 'udp'.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables the test.
- `randomized_start_time` (Boolean) Indicates whether agents should randomize the start time in each test round.
- `shared_with_accounts` (Set of String) List of accounts
- `test_name` (String) The name of the test.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) Created by user.
- `created_date` (String) The date of creation.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Set of String, Deprecated) ["1", "2"] The array of labels.
- `link` (String) Its value is either a URI [RFC3986] or a URI template [RFC6570].
- `live_share` (Boolean) Set to 'true' for a test shared with your account group, or to 'false' for a normal test.
- `modified_by` (String) Last modified by this user.
- `modified_date` (String) The date the test was last modified. Shown in UTC.
- `saved_event` (Boolean) Set to 'true' for a saved event, or to 'false' for a normal test.
- `test_id` (String) The unique ID of the test.
- `type` (String) The type of test.

## Import
In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, use an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) providing `resource_id`.
```terraform
import {
  to = thousandeyes_dns_trace.example_dns_trace_test
  id = "resource_id"
}
```

Using `terraform import` command.
```shell
terraform import thousandeyes_dns_trace.example_dns_trace_test resource_id
```
