---
page_title: "thousandeyes_web_transaction Resource - terraform-provider-thousandeyes"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
---

# thousandeyes_web_transaction (Resource)

This resource allows users to create a transaction test. This test type is a scripted synthetic browser interaction that can traverse multiple pages and user actions. For more information, see [Transaction Tests](https://docs.thousandeyes.com/product-documentation/browser-synthetics/transaction-tests).

## Example Usage

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `agents` (Block Set, Min: 1) The list of ThousandEyes agents to use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--agents))
- `interval` (Number) The interval to run the test on, in seconds.
- `test_name` (String) The name of the test.
- `transaction_script` (String) The full selenium transaction script.
- `url` (String) The target URL for the test.

### Optional

- `alert_rules` (Block Set) Gets the ruleId from the /alert-rules endpoint. If alertsEnabled is set to 'true' and alertRules is not included in a creation/update query, the applicable defaults will be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_rules))
- `alerts_enabled` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to enable alerts, or 'false' to disable alerts. The default value is 'true'.
- `auth_type` (String) [NONE, BASIC, NTLM, KERBEROS] The HTTP authentication type. Defaults to NONE.
- `bandwidth_measurements` (Boolean) Set to 1 to measure bandwidth. This only applies to Enterprise Agents assigned to the test, and requires that networkMeasurements is set. Defaults to 'false'.
- `content_regex` (String) Verify content using a regular expression. This field does not require escaping.
- `credentials` (List of Number) The array of credentialID integers. You can get the credentialId from the /credentials endpoint.
- `custom_headers` (Map of String) The custom headers.
- `description` (String) A description of the alert rule. Defaults to an empty string.
- `desired_status_code` (String) The valid HTTP response code you’re interested in retrieving.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables the test.
- `http_target_time` (Number) The target time for HTTP server completion, specified in milliseconds.
- `http_time_limit` (Number) The target time for HTTP server limits, specified in seconds.
- `http_version` (Number) Set to 2 for the default HTTP version (prefer HTTP/2), or 1 for HTTP/1.1 only.
- `include_headers` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to capture response headers for objects loaded by the test.
- `mtu_measurements` (Boolean) Measure MTU sizes on the network from agents to the target.
- `network_measurements` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to enable network measurements.
- `num_path_traces` (Number) The number of path traces.
- `password` (String) The password to be used to authenticate with the destination server.
- `path_trace_mode` (String) [classic or inSession] Choose 'inSession' to perform the path trace within a TCP session. Default value is 'classic'.
- `probe_mode` (String) [AUTO, SACk, or SYN] The probe mode used by end-to-end network tests. This is only valid if the protocol is set to TCP. The default value is AUTO.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used by dependent network tests (end-to-end, path trace, PMTUD). Default value is TCP.
- `shared_with_accounts` (Block List) [“serverName”: “fqdn of server”] The array of DNS Server objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--shared_with_accounts))
- `ssl_version_id` (Number) Defines the SSL version. 0 for auto, 3 for SSLv3, 4 for TLS v1.0, 5 for TLS v1.1, 6 for TLS v1.2.
- `subinterval` (Number) The subinterval for round-robin testing (in seconds). The value must be less than or equal to 'interval'.
- `target_time` (Number) The target time for completion. The default value is 50 percent of the time limit, specified in seconds.
- `time_limit` (Number) The time limit for the transaction. The default value is 30s.
- `use_ntlm` (Boolean) Enable to use basic authentication. Only include this field if you are using authentication. Requires the username and password to be set if enabled.
- `user_agent` (String) The user-agent string to be provided during the test.
- `username` (String) The username to be used to authenticate with the destination server.
- `verify_certificate` (Boolean) Set whether to ignore certificate errors. Set to 'false' to ignore certificate errors. The default value is 'true'.

### Read-Only

- `api_links` (List of Object) Self links to the endpoint to pull test metadata, and data links to the endpoint for test data. Read-only, and shows rel and href elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--api_links))
- `created_by` (String) Created by user.
- `created_date` (String) The date of creation.
- `groups` (Set of Object) The array of label objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `live_share` (Boolean) Set to 'true' for a test shared with your account group, or to 'false' for a normal test.
- `modified_by` (String) Last modified by this user.
- `modified_date` (String) The date the test was last modified. Shown in UTC.
- `saved_event` (Boolean) Set to 'true' for a saved event, or to 'false' for a normal test.
- `test_id` (Number) The unique ID of the test.
- `type` (String) The type of test.

<a id="nestedblock--agents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `agents`

Required:

- `agent_id` (Number) The unique ID for the ThousandEyes agent.


<a id="nestedblock--alert_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_rules`

Optional:

- `rule_id` (Number) The unique ID of the alert rule.


<a id="nestedblock--shared_with_accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shared_with_accounts`

Required:

- `aid` (Number) The account group ID.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Account name.


<a id="nestedatt--api_links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `api_links`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String)
- `rel` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Read-Only:

- `agents` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--groups--agents))
- `builtin` (Boolean)
- `group_id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `tests` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--groups--tests))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--groups--agents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups.agents`

Read-Only:

- `agent_id` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--groups--tests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups.tests`

Read-Only:

- `test_id` (Number)


